I want to be sure I am starting with the best possible Invention Disclosure you can give me.
I need to work from just a single document based on the attached. 
I believe you said you are still working on this and you are going to get me the complete invention disclosure soon.  Please make sure that all information you want me to use as a basis for the patent application is in the final invention disclosure. I will not refer to any other document for the drafting process, although of course I may refer t your website or external references as supporting information, but not to draft the description of your invention. SO please make sure I have just one final invention disclosure before I start work. 

One thing that would help is under the section:

"d) What is the new solution to the problem (i.e., your invention)?"

Although a lot of information is provided, I do need a clear narrative description of the invention.  Please draft as much as you need (usually about half a page) telling me, in narrative form, what the invention is, what parts it is made of, how those parts fit and work together to achieve a stated goal.  The parts appear to be a DETECTION AGENT, AN INTERVENTION AGENT and AN ECONOMY AI AGENT. Thay are shown as blocks with 2-headed arrows between them, but I do not understand exactly what they do, how they work, or how they are integrated or work together.  

Please write a description something like that:  "The invention is a [describe], that [performs task]... comprising the following elements [name and describe elements]... which elements are functionally connected as follow [describe how they are connected]... and said elements work together as follows [describe how they work together].  If these elements are informational processing steps, please explain exactly what processing is performed in each step, and how the processed information is used.

Also I do not understand the DOSING graphic. It has many bullet points but they are not explained.  Please can you write this out in a clear detailed narrative form.

Also, please find all terms that are not immediately clear, all terms of art or acronyms, and define each one in a way that can be easily understood, for example  "difficulty adjustment", "attention capacity indicators", "cognitive load" "individual starting points" "focus loss" "engagement timing" "self-correction behaviors" "Achievement progression" "Effort-over-correctness celebration" "skill tree advancement" etc. All these are terms of art and need to be defined. There are many such terms and they all need to be clearly defined.

Also, for measurable quantities such as "attention changes"....all things that can be quantified must have some sort of measurable units.

In a patent application, every single thing has to be unequivocally defined, or it will be rejected as not meeting the "written description" requirement.

Thi is a great invention, and I know this is a lot for things to ask for, but it is all required to even start to draft a meaningful patent application. I know you are very busy, so I will put this aside and wait for you to get back to me with the finalized invention disclosure.
